---
layout: post
title: "Passion"
date: 2012-12-17 11:35
comments: true
categories: 
---

## *"Do what your passionate about."* 

Funny how I hear this all the time. It's intrinsic to want to work on something that you feel passionate about. But do we really live by this? Everyone has a story about a time when they realized the passion was missing from something they did or simply just their day to day. Some people never seem to find this passion.

The biggest hurdle to finding something that really delivers this thrill is the fact that as free-thinking individuals we're always second guessing ourselves. It's natural to double-tap an idea or dream we may have had and mull it over. However, oftentimes we over-think, we worry, we limit our ideas and constrain them. This is the biggest hurdle to finding something that delivers you with a sense of passion. 

Often times I hear from friends like "I would totally do {x} but first I need to finish school." or "I would die to actually work on {x} but I need a way to pay the bills." The truth is we have obligations to ourselves that we do have to meet such as finish school, pay rent etc. However none of these things should get in the way of you doing what your passionate about. There are no first-steps to finding your passion.

<!-- more -->

###Find Something That Brings You Passion In What You're Doing At This Very Moment...

No really. Right now. Do it. For me it's writing this article. However that's easy, for you it might be cleaning out your inbox or organizing your calendar. Stop for a minute and observe what you're doing right at this moment exclude the fact that you're reading an article. What are all the things your doing? Which one of these things provides you with a sense of passion and why? This is the foundation for finding passion in your lifestyle.

Starting small is the key to finding the simple things that spike your passion. It's easy to immediately start worrying about how you're going to plan and fund that giant trip across Europe. Relax and take a deep breath. If it's something that you're passionate about you'll get to it in time.